**v0.3.18**
  - Switch coffee-script dependency expression to include minor version updates   (for recent 1.4 update -- thanks @asalant)

**v0.3.17**
  - return compilation and render errors to express 3 (thanks @randypuro) 

**v0.3.16**
  - Add support for Express 3 (thanks @shimaore)

**v0.3.15**
  - allow 0 to be rendered as value in render_attrs

**v0.3.14**
  - compiler Added multi-file support to the -j option (thanks @ilogico)
  - compiler --watch now works with multiple files (thanks @ilogico)

**v0.3.13**
  - fix ie browser issues

**v0.3.12**
  - add ability to support inline strings (thanks @viatropos)

**v0.3.11**
  - add stylus suport

**v0.3.10** (2012-4-14):
  - fixed bug with switch statement

**v0.3.9** (2012-4-13):
  - add stylus support (thanks @srackham)
  - locked coffeescript at 1.2.0

**v0.3.6** (2012-4-01):

  - added support for SVG 1.1 tags
  - fixed Cannot find module 'optparse'
  - add uglify.js as dependency
  - add safe helper
  - works with coffeescript 1.2.x
  - works with latest stable version of node 0.6.14
  - moved skeleton into separate file
  - rewrote all tests in mocha
  - add creamer/flatiron examples

**v0.3.1** (2011-09-29):

  - Fixed #71: indexOf not supported in IE7 (thanks @jaekwon).
  - Added better error reporting to express adapter. [benekastah]
  - Added `yield`: see `/docs/reference.md`. Closes #16 (thanks @pyrotechnick, @colinta and @smathy).
  - Added prefixed attributes: `data: {icon: 'foo.png'}` renders as `data-icon="foo.png"`. [colinta]
  - Added functions as attribute values: `onclick: -> alert 'hi'`. Closes #79 (thanks @smathy).

**v0.3.0** (2011-09-04):

  - Fixed #64 (`hardcode` option masked in express adapter). [smathy]
  - Added missing elements from the HTML 5 spec (both valid and obsolete). Closes #66 (thanks @aeosynth).
  - Added compile to js option to CLI. Closes #58. [rachel-carvalho]
  - Fixed #69 (`coffeekup -w` only compiles upon first change). [rachel-carvalho]

**v0.3.0beta** (2011-07-27):

  - Added documentation: API reference at `/docs/reference.md` and annotated source at `/docs/coffeekup.html`.

  - Added id/class shortcuts: `div '#id.class.class2', 'contents'` (thanks @aeosynth and @payload).

  - Added IE conditional comments: `ie 'lt IE8', -> 'IE 7 or less stuff'` (thanks @aeosynth).
  
  - Added `ck.adapters.express` which allows `partial 'foo'` instead of `text @partial 'foo'` - see `/examples/express` (thanks @cushman).
  
  - Added `coffeescript src: 'file.coffee'` and `coffeescript 'string'` - see reference (thanks @henrikh).
  
  - Changed the template param format to align with Express and other templating engines. Now `tpl(foo: 'bar')` makes `foo` accessible as `h1 @foo`. `context` is not used anymore.
  
  - `tpl(locals: {foo: 'bar'})` now always implemented through the `with` keyword (past behavior with `dynamic_locals: true`).
  
  - `tpl(hardcode: {foo: 'bar'})` will hardcode `foo` into the compiled template's body (past behavior with `dynamic_locals: false`).
  
  - Fixed: `coffeescript -> code()` now correctly adds CoffeeScript helpers to the output.
  
  - Changed: using `.call(this);` instead of `();` in js generated by `coffeescript`.
  
  - Fixed: correctly handle numbers and booleans when used as tag contents or attribute values.
  
  - Fixed #50: "`coffeekup -w` quits on syntax error".
  
  - Added: doctypes now editable at `coffeekup.doctypes`, tags at `coffeekup.tags`, and self-closing tags at `coffeekup.self_closing`.
  
  - Added the `ce` doctype.
  
  - Changed: using `doctypes['default']` instead of `doctypes['5']` by default.
  
  - Changed: in `coffeekup.render`, option `cache` is now `false` by default.

  - Added a third optional param to `render`. You can pass an object with options and they will be merged with the main object param.
  
  - Removed ck_* locals, now all implementation inside the `__ck` object.

**v0.2.3** (2011-05-06):

  - Compatible with npm 1.x.
  - Converting any ampersands (instead of /&(?!\w+;/) to &amp; when escaping html.
  - New CLI option -o / --output [DIR] (specifies a directory to compile into).
  - Self-closing tags are now: 'area', 'base', 'basefont', 'br', 'col', 'frame', 'hr', 'img', 'input', 'link', 'meta' and 'param'.

**v0.2.2** (2011-01-05):

  - Updated to CoffeeScript 1.0.0 and node 0.2.6/0.3.3.

**v0.2.1** (2010-11-23):

  - Updated to CoffeeScript 0.9.5 and node 0.2.5/0.3.1.
  - Fixed string templates compilation in opera.

**v0.2.0** (2010-11-09):

  - Huge performance gains, now among the fastest. See `cake benchmark`.
  - Compile templates into standalone functions with `coffeekup.compile`.
  - Option `format` to add line breaks and indentation to output.
  - Escape HTML automatically with the `autoescape` option, or manually with the `h` local.
  - CLI behaviour closer to CoffeeScript's: compiles to `filename.html` by default, can watch and recompile with `-w`.
  - CLI `-u`/`--utils` option to make build-time utility locals available to templates (currently only `render`).

